---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab-v1alpha1_cluster_gitlab_pipeline_list Data Source - gitlab-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gitlab-v1alpha1_cluster_gitlab_pipeline_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) A label selector string to filter the results based on resource labels. If specified multiple times, the union of resources which satisfy a label-selector will be returned.
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired state of ClusterGitlabPipeline (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) status defines the observed state of ClusterGitlabPipeline (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `instance` (String) Gitlab instance name.
- `parameters` (Attributes List) Parameters to pass to the workflow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--parameters))
- `pipeline` (String) Pipeline to run.
- `ref` (String) Reference is the branch, tag or commit hash to run the workflow.
- `repo` (String) Repository to run the workflow.
- `trigger` (Attributes) Trigger conditions to run the pipeline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--trigger))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.parameters`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Parameter name
- `value` (Attributes) Parameter value (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--parameters--value))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--parameters--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.parameters.value`

Optional:

- `dynamic_value` (Attributes) Dynamic value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--parameters--value--dynamic_value))
- `static_value` (String) Static value.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--parameters--value--dynamic_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.parameters.value.dynamic_value`

Optional:

- `field` (String) Field to watch.
- `path` (String) Path to the value.
- `where` (String) Where clause to filter the results.




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.trigger`

Optional:

- `alarm` (Attributes) Alarm to Create the issue. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--trigger--alarm))
- `query` (Attributes) Query to trigger the workflow (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--trigger--query))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--trigger--alarm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.trigger.alarm`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) Excluded alarm types that don't trigger the workflow
- `include` (List of String) Included alarm types that trigger the workflow
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces to watch for alarms


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--trigger--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.trigger.query`

Optional:

- `fields` (List of String) List of fields to watch
- `path` (String) Path to the EDB table to watch
- `where` (String) Where clause to filter the results




<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) conditions represent the current state of the ClusterGitlabPipeline resource.
Each condition has a unique type and reflects the status of a specific aspect of the resource.

Standard condition types include:
- "Available": the resource is fully functional
- "Progressing": the resource is being created or updated
- "Degraded": the resource failed to reach or maintain its desired state

The status of each condition is one of True, False, or Unknown. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `last_transition_time` (String) lastTransitionTime is the last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
This should be when the underlying condition changed.  If that is not known, then using the time when the API field changed is acceptable.
- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `observed_generation` (Number) observedGeneration represents the .metadata.generation that the condition was set based upon.
For instance, if .metadata.generation is currently 12, but the .status.conditions[x].observedGeneration is 9, the condition is out of date
with respect to the current state of the instance.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.
