---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab-v1alpha1_gitlab_pipeline_list Data Source - gitlab-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gitlab-v1alpha1_gitlab_pipeline_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired state of GitlabPipeline (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) status defines the observed state of GitlabPipeline (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `instance` (String) Gitlab instance name.
- `parameters` (Attributes List) Parameters to pass to the workflow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--parameters))
- `pipeline` (String) Pipeline to run.
- `ref` (String) Reference is the branch, tag or commit hash to run the workflow.
- `repo` (String) Repository to run the workflow.
- `trigger` (Attributes) Trigger conditions to run the pipeline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--trigger))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.parameters`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Parameter name
- `value` (Attributes) Parameter value (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--parameters--value))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--parameters--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.parameters.value`

Optional:

- `dynamic_value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--parameters--value--dynamic_value))
- `static_value` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--parameters--value--dynamic_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.parameters.value.dynamic_value`

Optional:

- `field` (String)
- `path` (String)
- `where` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.trigger`

Optional:

- `alarm` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--trigger--alarm))
- `query` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--trigger--query))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--trigger--alarm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.trigger.alarm`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) Excluded alarm types that don't trigger the workflow
- `include` (List of String) Included alarm types that trigger the workflow


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--trigger--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.trigger.query`

Optional:

- `fields` (List of String) List of fields to watch
- `path` (String) Path to the EDB table to watch
- `where` (String) Where clause to filter the results




<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
