---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlab-v1alpha1_create_gitlab_issue Resource - gitlab-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# gitlab-v1alpha1_create_gitlab_issue (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) spec defines the desired state of CreateGitlabIssue (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the CreateGitlabIssue
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate
- `status` (Attributes) status defines the observed state of CreateGitlabIssue (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `instance` (String) Gitlab instance name.
- `issue` (Attributes) Issue template to create. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--issue))
- `repo` (String) Repository name.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--issue"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.issue`

Optional:

- `assignees` (List of String) Assignees of the issue.
- `body` (String) Body of the issue.
- `labels` (List of String) Labels of the issue.
- `milestone` (String) Milestone of the issue.
- `title` (String) Title of the issue.



<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Optional:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Optional:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`
